detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a crime thriller film called
good time
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
fueled by the pipe dream of leaving new
york city for peaceful virginia
the unstable connie nicus robs a bank
with his developmentally challenged
brother
nick throughout his therapy session nick
nicus is visibly uncomfortable
his therapist dr peter asks him to
interpret some idioms which he all takes
literally
when nick becomes unresponsive they move
on to word comparisons
peter gives nick a pair of words so nick
can tell him what comes to mind when he
hears them
with scissors and a cooking pan nick
says that you can hurt yourself with
them
a tear rolls down nick's face after he
responds and peter gently presses on
he asks what nickman if he ever thinks
about hurting himself
nick grows even more uncomfortable and
after a moment of silence
he talks about the time his grandmother
pushed him and yelled at him
telling me that he can't eat food he
adds with growing yet subdued distress
that he picked
the pan up and threw it at his
grandmother then corrected himself by
saying he threw it at the wall
peter asks if he meant to hit his
grandmother but nick has become
unresponsive
his lips quiver eyes blinking rapidly
but before the therapist to press on
his brother enters the room connie
starts berating peter
asking him how he'd like it if he made
him cry he tells nick to get up and rip
the therapist's notes up before leaving
the two head to the elevator and once
inside connie hugs his brother to soothe
him
firmly telling him that he loves him the
two later arrive at a bank
wearing construction site uniforms and
realistic prosthetic masks for their
faces
connie slips the bank teller a note
demanding 65 000
the teller stiffly maintains her
composure and complies emptying her
register of the money there
but connie isn't satisfied so he forces
the teller to take more bills from the
back
successful nick and connie head straight
for an alley to take their disguises off
connie happily praises nick for being
brave and with that they escape to the
road
upon their accomplice's arrival they get
inside the car to leave for good
connie's happy little hide dies down
when he hears a strange beep and before
they knew it
red dye start spraying from the bag with
the driver's vision obstructed
their car abruptly crashes into another
parked vehicle
nick and connie are covered in red dime
when they leave the car making them
stand out
connie rushes to a pizza place then
locks themselves in the bathroom
despite the workers protests nick starts
washing his face with toilet water
making connie snap at him to use the
sink connie pleads for more time while
the worker demands them to get out else
she'll call the cops
he says that his brother is mentally
disabled and then a bucket of paint fell
on them
which is only half true the worker
continues to knock repeatedly at the
door and as nick frantically washes his
face
connie hides the bag of money in the
ceiling the two leave wearing a fresh
change of clothes with hoodies pulled
over their heads
while walking down the street a cop car
pulls over and the police inside want to
talk to them
the officer tells nick to turn and face
them this sends nick into a panic so he
bolts away
prompting connie to run after him with
the cops now chasing them down
they rush to a crowded mall while the
cops stay on their tail
connie's in the lead now and he manages
to leave through the maul's back exit
as for nick he crashes through the glass
door breaking it and falling unconscious
nick gets taken to prison and the rowdy
noise from the inmates immediately
greets him
a fight breaks out among them and though
nick tries to keep to himself
they all collectively get sprayed nick
later gets a visit from his therapist
who encourages him to cooperate with
them nick
of course refuses nick later gets a call
from his grandmother through the
community phone
he yells at her saying that the money
was for them that connie was going to
buy him a farm so they can live together
he keeps forcefully insisting that
connie's the only one who loves him
while holding the phone up
much to the annoyance of his fellow
inmates that night connie makes his way
to a bail bonds place
he gives his red tinged bills to the
uncaring foreman
after counting the money he tells connie
that he needs another 10 grand and that
he can't use the other bill since
they're ruined with die
without the funds connie has no chance
of bailing nick out
back to nick he gets in trouble with his
fellow inmates because of the tv
he forcibly changes the channel against
the other's protest
after ignoring everyone he gets slapped
by one of the inmates
nick is taken aback and a beanie wearing
convict joins in to make a show out of
messing with him
provoked nick tackles him to the ground
and starts pummeling him
this doesn't last long as another inmate
jumps nick and punches his face to a
bloody pulp until nick falls unconscious
later connie visits his girlfriend corey
in her condominium much to her mother's
dismay
he heads to her bedroom to be with her
dogs while the mother and daughter argue
outside
eventually corey walks away from her
mother and she cruises with connie in a
cab
there corey's trying to find a good
vacation spot for the two of them but
connie stops her so he can talk about
nick
he lies that nick's therapist was
abusing him so he lashed out violently
making the therapist press charges
against him connie then asks her to use
her mother's credit card to help him
with the rest of the bail
corey's reluctant but since she can't
say no to connie she agrees
back at the bail bonds place corey finds
out that the bail is actually ten
thousand dollars
she's shocked but takes her credit card
out regardless connie kisses her lightly
while waiting for the foreman to make
his call
to his surprise the man tells him that
nick isn't on the calendar because he
was sent to the hospital
things only get chaotic from there and
while the foreman tries to make
arrangements over the phone
cory's credit card gets declined she
calls her mother who cancelled her card
making corey yellen panic connie's back
to where he started and the man refuses
to return the money connie gave him
defeated connie looks back at corey as
she cries about just wanting to do a
good thing for somebody
connie travels to elmhurst where nick is
confined and once he's there
he notices the many cops loitering
around after talking to a patient
connie discovers that prisoners are kept
on the sixth floor
he babbles with the cop there using the
opportunity to peek inside the room he's
guarding
finally he spots a heavily bandaged
patient inside and deduces that it's
nick
satisfied connie slips inside the room
of an elderly patient
and waits there until the cop leaves his
post he takes the wheelchair and rushes
inside nick's room
connie wastes no time moving nick from
his bed to the wheelchair and when he
gets unhooked from a machine
it starts beeping loudly stopping for
nothing connie leaves quickly
pulling his brother's wheelchair until
they've finally broken out of the
hospital
a haitian woman named annie lets him get
inside the accessor ride first and with
that
they fully escaped elmhurst vicinity the
passengers start to leave one by one
and connie notices that annie has the
last stop before him
the brothers get dropped off just two
blocks away he makes his way to the
woman's house to knock on her door
connie makes up a story about losing
keys and needing to use their phone
annie graciously lets him in she smokes
while watching connie pretend to call
his mother and after hanging up
he politely asks annie if he can leave
his brother there for a while
annie starts getting suspicious of
connie but she lets nick stay in one of
her rooms after a bit of back and forth
she shows nick to the living room then
talks to her bored 16 year old
granddaughter
crystal to let her know that she'll be
taking some sleeping pills for work
tomorrow
while the two argue about crystal always
being on her phone
nick heads inside the bathroom to search
it until he finds a box of blonde hair
dye
he stays with nick in his room and while
waiting for his dye to settle he
bombards corey with messages
crystal enters the room to look for
something and when she asks about
connie's hair dye
he smiles stiffly and calls himself a
weirdo he lets her know that he took
annie's phone and that's when corey
starts calling him
she tells him that her mom is
practically holding her prisoner in her
home but connie dismisses her
telling corey to pick them up as soon as
she can with an impassionate i love you
he ends the call and ushers crystal
outside where they can talk more freely
later the two are watching tv together
and when crystal changes the channel to
the news
she gushes about how much she loves dogs
pensive connie makes an odd comment
about being a dog in his previous life
which explains why they love him
crystal only gives him a strange look
suddenly the news starts talking about
connie's robbery so to keep crystal from
noticing
he quickly kisses her while the two make
out the reporter talks about how their
grandmother filed a restraining order
against connie for threatening and
stalking her
she also blames him for an altercation
with nick which resulted in her broken
arm
during an interview the grandmother
claims that connie treats his brother
very badly
too by that point connie has already
taken crystal to her room and as they're
starting to get frisky
connie hears a voice coming from nick's
room he rushes to the room
and the moment he saw him connie
realized he messed up it turns out that
the man he busted out wasn't nick but a
random guy
confused the man tries attacking connie
only to get tackled by him
when the guy rey calms down connie gets
off him and gets him up to speed
he warns him not to mess his plans up
before barging out of the room
connie goes to crystal's room to tell
her that they need to go to the hospital
since he got the wrong guy
he urges crystal to find the keys to
their car and when crystal's at a loss
he tells her not to be confused as it'll
just make things worse for him
afterward the three of them head to the
car in the driveway
connie drives back to the hospital but
they quickly realize that it's
surrounded by cop cars and a media van
instead connie pulls over at a
convenience store making crystal leave
her phone and buy some things
once they're alone rey's manic monologue
ensues
it turns out that ray just got out of
prison the other day and that he's on
parole
after getting out he and his friend
calif head to some trevor's house
trevor moves acid throughout new york
but he skims a couple to sell and puts
them all in a sprite bottle
ray gets completely messed up on the
thing then winds up in an arcade to sell
the acid with trevor
suddenly a guy comes in after having rob
a back
he brags about it ray's too messed up to
follow the story
then the cops come in next thing ray
knows he's making a run for it
he goes with trevor to an amusement park
called adventureland to hide the sprite
bottle and the money
when the cops bust the place ray quickly
leaves and hails a cab
he freaks the driver out when he said he
just got back from prison and the driver
freaks him out when he started driving
him to the precinct
in the end ray jumps out of the speeding
cab and the rest is history
finally rey's soliloquy comes to an end
but all connie's doing is looking up
directions for adventureland
he firmly tells rey that they're going
to find the bottle then split what they
get
with no plan or place to go ray agrees
just before crystal gets back in the car
after some driving they eventually pull
over
after telling crystal to wait connie and
ray make their way inside the amusement
park
it's pitch dark there making their
search difficult
ray leads connie to the egyptian themes
section in there he finally finds the
asset
indifferent connie dismisses this and
demands to know where the money is
before ray could think a somali guard
with a flashlight calls out to them
ordering them to come out he's already
called the cops so it's just a matter of
time before
ray and connie get caught the guard
shines the light on rey so he
immediately runs after him
he makes quick work of him and takes him
to the security room where he ties ray's
wrist to a post
the guard lights the park up and when he
sees connie through the security cameras
he chases him
unfortunately connie manages to tackle
him down allowing him to beat the
guard's face to a bloody pulp
with the guard taken care of connie
heads to the security room to free ray
and together
they haul the unconscious man back to
the amusement park
they continue looking around for the
money until connie hears the cops
calling from the outside
cursing connie calls ray to help him
take the guard's uniform off to put it
on
as a safety measure ray pours a good
deal of the acid into the guard's mouth
posing as the watchman connie meets the
cops outside then leads them to the
unconscious man
the officers don't question connie's
identity and instead they tell him to
turn all the lights on
meanwhile crystal notices that the
amusement park is brought to life so she
steps
outside the car to check just as she's
approaching the gates a cop spots her
and makes her face him
back in the amusement park the security
guard regains consciousness and he's
completely out of it
he starts writhing not even speaking
english anymore
chalking his behavior up to drug use the
cops put him on a stretcher
the man is frantically disoriented and
confused while the cops are wheeling him
to the van
another cop is dragging crystal with him
while she protests about having
explained herself already
connie shows up smoking casually as the
officer asks him if crystal's the other
intruder
connie denies ever seeing her the moment
crystal sees him
the emotion drains from her face and the
realization that she's been used sinks
in
crystal stops resisting and she lets the
cop got her to his car
connie remains apathetic towards the
casualties of his half-baked heist and
he heads to the security office to call
the hospital
but since the staff isn't allowed to
disclose information about nick's
situation
connie angrily and repeatedly slams the
phone down
with the coast clear connie and ray
leave the amusement park using the
guard's car and together
they make their way to the guard's
high-rise apartment connie opens the
door and immediately tames the dog there
who takes a quick liking to him
as soon as they settle connie
aggressively asks ray how much they can
sell the acid for
then demands that he call his friend to
buy it from him now though rey isn't
agreeable at first
he realizes that he wouldn't have made
it without connie so he begrudgingly
yields
a little later connie and ray get into
an argument over how useless rey is to
society and that's when they finally
hear the door ring
connie takes the dog with him into one
of the rooms while rey gets the door to
greet his good friend khalif
khalif is indignant over the entire
situation and he walks straight to the
room where connie is
the moment he opens the door the large
dog starts barking at him
unnerved caliph immediately shuts the
door connie demands fifteen thousand
dollars for the drugs and after a back
and forth
caulif pretends to go with what connie
says he tells connie that he'll retrieve
the 15 grand from the bank while quietly
gesturing to ray that he's going to get
a gun instead
when cauliph leaves connie is already
packing his bags
he's been done ever since calla first
said no to him the ever volatile man
marches out into the hallway against
rey's wishes
rey lunges at him taking connie down to
the ground so he can try and steal the
acid back
though connie's been consistently
manipulating crystal he wasn't lying
when he said dogs love him
his new canine friend comes to his
rescue biting rey hard and letting
connie escape yet again
as soon as rey gets up he quickly goes
back to the apartment room to call
caulif up
while telling him about what happened
the sirens start blaring and the cops
have blocked connie's escape
ray watches from the window as connie
frantically tries to run away but the
chase ends uneventfully with the cops
catching connie in the parking lot
he drops the sprite bottle which rolls
away unnoticed
ray hastily informs cauliffe of the
bottle's whereabouts then gets off the
phone when the police knock at his door
with nowhere else to go raid desperately
tries to leave through the window
at this point connie's lost the fight in
him and he looks more lost than anything
with his incessant blinking as the cops
take him in
everyone's attention turns to the
building as ray tries to escape but this
ultimately results to him falling connie
watches
his expression unchanging before he's
pushed inside the police car
with the fuse of the loose cannon that
is connie burning out the man has little
else to do but stare blankly ahead
completely unblinking in the end nick is
released from prison and he goes with dr
peter who tells him that connie is right
where he belongs
just as nick is right where he belongs
peter takes nick to a therapy class and
though nick remains uncomfortable pain
even he slowly joins their group
activity subscribe to watch more videos
like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out
thank you for watching